press the legs down lift the sacrum the
chest up spread all the toes that's the
first thing David cuz you don't have any
Consciousness there join the big toes
join spread all the 10 toes Spread
spread small toe ring
toe only the big toes
jumping jump all the toes the right toes
are only working a little bit the left
toes are dull still come get them work
like that see this is just
Miro he hasn't spread his toes to n it's
still on his
list number one it's number
one marasa one bend the right knee up
bring the heel close
in wrap the right arm in front of your
right shin hold both the hands behind
your back and both shoulders evenly
forward and Bend
forward if you can catch the hands easy
then catch the wrist now you tend to
tilt on that outer left heel just hold
both hands to the foot Ramona that's
actually a way to do it don't pull the
toes extend the inner edge of the left
foot forward get both the shoulders
evenly forward Jr that left shoulder has
to come forward now Slide the right
shoulder down the right leg the right
shoulder should slide down that right
leg soften the abdomen away from your
right leg lift the outer right shin and
thigh up Becky and roll the outer right
knee
in head down
what
happened okay come up this one wasn't so
good stretch the right leg straight bend
the left knee
up it's a simple but hard one you know I
remember the first I do remember the
first time I ever did this I couldn't
understand why I couldn't bend forward
anymore I thought I bent forward fine
I've been wondering that for 20 years 20
years see the list nothing o nothing
yeah yeah reach the left arm forward
then wrap the hands behind you yeah
extend the inner edge of the right foot
forward abdomen soft don't put a Break
by hardening the abdomen brain cells
quiet also the brain cells shouldn't put
a break get the back of the right knee
on the floor now soften the abdomen it
shouldn't go towards the left leg it
should go away from the left leg lift
the outer left shin and thigh up roll
the right left knee in go forward any
amount possible lengthen the sternum
forward press the left he move the left
knee forward to go forward that's
it finally okay now come up both legs
[Music]
straight yeah reach the left arm forward
then wrap the hands behind you yeah
extend the inner edge of the right foot
forward abdomen soft don't put a Break
by hardening the abdomen Aben brain
cells quiet also the brain cells
shouldn't put a break get the back of
the right knee on the floor now soften
the abdomen it shouldn't go towards the
left leg it should go away from the left
leg lift the outer left shin and thigh
up roll the right left knee in go
forward any amount possible lengthen the
sternum forward press the left heel move
the left knee forward to go forward
that's it